start time is:2022-10-14 19:18:11

now processing the test_data_csv_10
now seperate the 1th csv file
now seperate the 2th csv file
now seperate the 3th csv file
now seperate the 4th csv file
now seperate the 5th csv file
now seperate the 6th csv file
now seperate the 7th csv file
now seperate the 8th csv file
now seperate the 9th csv file
now seperate the 10th csv file

now processing the valid_data_csv_74
now seperate the 1th csv file
now seperate the 2th csv file
now seperate the 3th csv file
now seperate the 4th csv file
now seperate the 5th csv file
now seperate the 6th csv file
now seperate the 7th csv file
now seperate the 8th csv file
now seperate the 9th csv file
now seperate the 10th csv file
now seperate the 11th csv file
now seperate the 12th csv file
now seperate the 13th csv file
now seperate the 14th csv file
now seperate the 15th csv file
now seperate the 16th csv file
now seperate the 17th csv file
now seperate the 18th csv file
now seperate the 19th csv file
now seperate the 20th csv file
now seperate the 21th csv file
now seperate the 22th csv file
now seperate the 23th csv file
now seperate the 24th csv file
now seperate the 25th csv file
now seperate the 26th csv file
now seperate the 27th csv file
now seperate the 28th csv file
now seperate the 29th csv file
now seperate the 30th csv file
now seperate the 31th csv file
now seperate the 32th csv file
now seperate the 33th csv file
now seperate the 34th csv file
now seperate the 35th csv file
now seperate the 36th csv file
now seperate the 37th csv file
now seperate the 38th csv file
now seperate the 39th csv file
now seperate the 40th csv file
now seperate the 41th csv file
now seperate the 42th csv file
now seperate the 43th csv file
now seperate the 44th csv file
now seperate the 45th csv file
now seperate the 46th csv file
now seperate the 47th csv file
now seperate the 48th csv file
now seperate the 49th csv file
now seperate the 50th csv file
now seperate the 51th csv file
now seperate the 52th csv file
now seperate the 53th csv file
now seperate the 54th csv file
now seperate the 55th csv file
now seperate the 56th csv file
now seperate the 57th csv file
now seperate the 58th csv file
now seperate the 59th csv file
now seperate the 60th csv file
now seperate the 61th csv file
now seperate the 62th csv file
now seperate the 63th csv file
now seperate the 64th csv file
now seperate the 65th csv file
now seperate the 66th csv file
now seperate the 67th csv file
now seperate the 68th csv file
now seperate the 69th csv file
now seperate the 70th csv file
now seperate the 71th csv file
now seperate the 72th csv file
now seperate the 73th csv file
now seperate the 74th csv file

now processing the train_data_csv_650
now seperate the 1th csv file
now seperate the 2th csv file
now seperate the 3th csv file
now seperate the 4th csv file
now seperate the 5th csv file
now seperate the 6th csv file
now seperate the 7th csv file
now seperate the 8th csv file
now seperate the 9th csv file
now seperate the 10th csv file
now seperate the 11th csv file
now seperate the 12th csv file
now seperate the 13th csv file
now seperate the 14th csv file
now seperate the 15th csv file
now seperate the 16th csv file
now seperate the 17th csv file
now seperate the 18th csv file
now seperate the 19th csv file
now seperate the 20th csv file
now seperate the 21th csv file
now seperate the 22th csv file
now seperate the 23th csv file
now seperate the 24th csv file
now seperate the 25th csv file
now seperate the 26th csv file
now seperate the 27th csv file
now seperate the 28th csv file
now seperate the 29th csv file
now seperate the 30th csv file
now seperate the 31th csv file
now seperate the 32th csv file
now seperate the 33th csv file
now seperate the 34th csv file
now seperate the 35th csv file
now seperate the 36th csv file
now seperate the 37th csv file
now seperate the 38th csv file
now seperate the 39th csv file
now seperate the 40th csv file
now seperate the 41th csv file
now seperate the 42th csv file
now seperate the 43th csv file
now seperate the 44th csv file
now seperate the 45th csv file
now seperate the 46th csv file
now seperate the 47th csv file
now seperate the 48th csv file
now seperate the 49th csv file
now seperate the 50th csv file
now seperate the 51th csv file
now seperate the 52th csv file
now seperate the 53th csv file
now seperate the 54th csv file
now seperate the 55th csv file
now seperate the 56th csv file
now seperate the 57th csv file
now seperate the 58th csv file
now seperate the 59th csv file
now seperate the 60th csv file
now seperate the 61th csv file
now seperate the 62th csv file
now seperate the 63th csv file
now seperate the 64th csv file
now seperate the 65th csv file
now seperate the 66th csv file
now seperate the 67th csv file
now seperate the 68th csv file
now seperate the 69th csv file
now seperate the 70th csv file
now seperate the 71th csv file
now seperate the 72th csv file
now seperate the 73th csv file
now seperate the 74th csv file
now seperate the 75th csv file
now seperate the 76th csv file
now seperate the 77th csv file
now seperate the 78th csv file
now seperate the 79th csv file
now seperate the 80th csv file
now seperate the 81th csv file
now seperate the 82th csv file
now seperate the 83th csv file
now seperate the 84th csv file
now seperate the 85th csv file
now seperate the 86th csv file
now seperate the 87th csv file
now seperate the 88th csv file
now seperate the 89th csv file
now seperate the 90th csv file
now seperate the 91th csv file
now seperate the 92th csv file
now seperate the 93th csv file
now seperate the 94th csv file
now seperate the 95th csv file
now seperate the 96th csv file
now seperate the 97th csv file
now seperate the 98th csv file
now seperate the 99th csv file
now seperate the 100th csv file
now seperate the 101th csv file
now seperate the 102th csv file
now seperate the 103th csv file
now seperate the 104th csv file
now seperate the 105th csv file
now seperate the 106th csv file
now seperate the 107th csv file
now seperate the 108th csv file
now seperate the 109th csv file
now seperate the 110th csv file
now seperate the 111th csv file
now seperate the 112th csv file
now seperate the 113th csv file
now seperate the 114th csv file
now seperate the 115th csv file
now seperate the 116th csv file
now seperate the 117th csv file
